Crystal Gatwood: Hello.
Richelle Direny: Oh, she's not coming in so
Crystal Gatwood: Okay, I'm sorry, I'm just running late today.
Richelle Direny: Everything.
Crystal Gatwood: Um, well, the past few years have been kind of crazy for me because my dad was in the hospital.
Crystal Gatwood: So,
Crystal Gatwood: He's home now. We just got him home and stuff so
Crystal Gatwood: Well, he has COPD. He got got diagnosed, about five months ago.
Crystal Gatwood: And he's a type of person I, you know, decide on you know pills or I don't take a pill. So he doesn't even take like his own blood pressure pill or anything.
Crystal Gatwood: He just keep
Crystal Gatwood: Writing
But
Crystal Gatwood: We found out that he has sleep Batman.
Crystal Gatwood: He was in there for testing.
Richelle Direny: Everything is fun.
Yes.
Richelle Direny: your stress level down
Richelle Direny: So that was pretty much the most thing that went on.
Richelle Direny: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: At least since we last year.
Crystal Gatwood: Yeah.
Crystal Gatwood: Everything else has been pretty quiet with me just working on fixing my car so
Richelle Direny: You're waiting on your tax return or your time.
Crystal Gatwood: And
Crystal Gatwood: My tax return. I'm waiting to I'm fixing my car when I said
Richelle Direny: No, I know, I know, but I know you said that they weren't you weren't know your tax returns will be able to fix the car.
Crystal Gatwood: Yeah, I don't even file until the third
Crystal Gatwood: I have an appointment.
Richelle Direny: Well, the third of Muslim is next week.
Richelle Direny: Okay, and then after you finish it takes like two weeks before everything
Crystal Gatwood: Yeah, we usually get mine like within a week or so much usually pretty fast. I don't know why.
Crystal Gatwood: Let's get ready to wash my hair. And I'm like, oh, I have counseling today.
Crystal Gatwood: So, don't mind me, I'm not ready yet.
Richelle Direny: Here.
Richelle Direny: And then you remember you have a group on what
Crystal Gatwood: I remember group. But for some reason, I just forgot about today.
Richelle Direny: You will in group last person. Yeah.
Crystal Gatwood: Well number I checked in with you, but I had a doctor's appointment.
Richelle Direny: Yes, that's right. That's right. That's right. And you don't need anything right.
Crystal Gatwood: I had my I got my ritual yesterday yesterday or the day before.
Crystal Gatwood: Monday.
Crystal Gatwood: Yesterday, I'm all screwed up right now.
Richelle Direny: How is it everything like I know one of the things we talked about last time was there inside
Richelle Direny: You know, go to the store, you're going and kind of powers. What have you had any kind of moments, go to the hospitals in your dad or just dealing with Apple
Crystal Gatwood: II was like in like an observation room area. So he was kind of, I wouldn't say isolated, but he was kind of like in a
Crystal Gatwood: I don't know. There wasn't a lot of people there.
Richelle Direny: So it wasn't, it wasn't an anxiety provoking for you.
Crystal Gatwood: Now, more or less worried about my dad.
Richelle Direny: Come home.
Richelle Direny: And
Richelle Direny: But outside of that study like how's everything going for you in terms of, like, have you had any instances in the last time we met of
Richelle Direny: Why
Crystal Gatwood: I have my hearing for my to tomorrow.
Crystal Gatwood: And I think that's just for it to like be in effect. Yeah. I mean, I've never done it before, but as my understanding, like I already have the order, but my hearing, they say is the 26 so I have that tomorrow morning, and I think that's just for it to like legally take effect.
Richelle Direny: Was to
Crystal Gatwood: temporary protection order.
Richelle Direny: Like, oh that's right from your, your son status.
Richelle Direny: OK. And how's that been since to
Richelle Direny: You guys and separated
Crystal Gatwood: Um, I've been okay um it's more or less just affecting my son. He certain ask questions, you know, where's that is and stuff.
Crystal Gatwood: I really don't know what to say. But I sat him down and you know I told him you know mind it just, we don't really get along anymore and we don't want to fight in front of you. So we think it's better that we live apart.
Crystal Gatwood: And I mean, he was just okay you know how kids are but
Crystal Gatwood: I don't know, but I mean in school like he gets. I'm like, he's in kindergarten. So he has a behavior chart.
Crystal Gatwood: And you know, I like easily his behavior char is not good. It's a usually he comes home with a know every day and everything like that. And, you know, ever since. But Justin's not been in our house. He has gotten smiley faces and stars every day.
Crystal Gatwood: So yeah, and I'm like, you know, maybe that was it. I don't know.
Crystal Gatwood: But I do know that it does take effect on kids because I went through that shit to
Richelle Direny: Try
Richelle Direny: To change how
Crystal Gatwood: Far yeah you
Richelle Direny: Know, so it's pretty much. It's pretty aware
Richelle Direny: Did you ask him, like what's the difference with the changing notify he's getting smiley faces.
Crystal Gatwood: I really haven't brought it up that sense in like, you know, asked him what the changes but i just i rewarded him.
Richelle Direny: For the change
Crystal Gatwood: Like we went to like a trampoline park and had some fun. You know, I took a little friend with us and stuff but
Crystal Gatwood: And it was fun, and he enjoyed himself and he realized, you know, hey, you know, like, even in school. If I behave, you know, but I just, I really haven't asked him in that kind of sense.
Richelle Direny: Of course of course you're going to bring it to a level, in which he can understand
Richelle Direny: Right. But did you that's great that you did reward the behavior. But did you tell him that you are rewarding him because he has been consistently getting smiley faces and good reports.
Richelle Direny: Okay, okay. In, in, of course, you know, and I think that once you kind of put it, you know, you let them know okay you're being rewarded because of all these wonderful things.
Richelle Direny: Going on in school and that you know if he keeps if he continues one. This is the you know the the reward of having good behaviors for listening to your teacher. So what we need to do that will
Richelle Direny: Be a motivator and encouragement for them. And I think overall, you will, it will impact you as well because then he looks forward to doing it, you look forward to rewarding him.
Richelle Direny: And then what you said, making that connection as to whether or not
Richelle Direny: The determine that had been occurring between you and his father.
Richelle Direny: You will notice how much his behavior has turned around and maybe a lot of the acting out or he was displaying at school, what he was seeing.
Crystal Gatwood: Schools, you know when he's just with me.
Crystal Gatwood: Like, usually it's a fight every morning just to getting dressed dressed brushes teeth, which I know like he has ADHD like symptoms. I haven't clinically got him diagnosed actually
Crystal Gatwood: But
Crystal Gatwood: Um, he just
Crystal Gatwood: His behavior has changed with me like this morning, he got himself dressed and
Crystal Gatwood: There was no fighting, you know, and I was just like, you know what, thank you, buddy. You look nice today. You know, and he was like happy with it. And I don't know if it's because Justin is out of the homes.
Crystal Gatwood: I'm not sure I don't have to ask him. Does that make sense.
Mm hmm.
Richelle Direny: Um,
Richelle Direny: He's he is young. There's so much that you can get him to, you know, in his own way to be able to understand and to know how to answer the question and
Richelle Direny: You know, of course we to have the lower expectation of what the answer is going to look like because often times they kind of feed off of the way you're asking the question, and they'll tend to give you the answer that you are seeking out
Richelle Direny: Right. And, you know, five some five year olds are a little bit more and
Richelle Direny: A little bit more.
Richelle Direny: Aware.
Richelle Direny: A little bit more articulate than others. So you have to know for him. And if you can see the changes and you can kind of correlate it to because they're
Richelle Direny: Somewhat of a positive change in terms of the constant bickering and fighting. He was suing continuously
Richelle Direny: Many that is having a bigger impact overall impact on him.
Richelle Direny: But, you know,
I mean,
Crystal Gatwood: That that we've had in the house. So, you know, I mean, so
Crystal Gatwood: I mean, I can't directly put it to that. But I would probably say 80% of it is that
Richelle Direny: It will continue it will, if it's not related sooner.
Richelle Direny: Eventually we'll see kind of take a term, but for right now. I think it's just bonding with you. This is a reality that no matter how you know
Richelle Direny: To his contribution to him in reference to him being
Richelle Direny: An involved or not involved that the reality is you can only do so much as a mom and your role.
Richelle Direny: Your role is not to be a mom and a dad, you can't be a bad. You can only be a mom, but you can definitely teach him you know the different morals and values. The best way to know how to I think in this time it's just good for you to just just bond with him, you know,
Richelle Direny: Redirect different behaviors that are unacceptable reward those behaviors that are good and if there are consequences that needs to be implemented implement them accordingly. But you don't necessarily want to
Richelle Direny: overcompensate because that is not in the picture.
Crystal Gatwood: Right.
Richelle Direny: Because you also said to have
Richelle Direny: You also said that you have an older daughter, right.
Crystal Gatwood: Yeah, she lives with her dad.
Richelle Direny: He's the only one that lives with you. Yes.
Richelle Direny: Okay, yeah. So you definitely want to overcompensate because that is not on the picture.
Richelle Direny: So let's just be mindful of that. But, um, but even so, do you find that it is
Richelle Direny: anxiety provoking that now it's kind of just you and your son alone and you're having to kind of figure out
Richelle Direny: How to me, can
Crystal Gatwood: I mean, yeah, it's
Crystal Gatwood: I feel like I'm just a lot less stressed with him as a home, you know, because I don't have to support him to and I don't have to worry about the arguing and stuff in front of my son. And that was a big, big thing with me, you know, because if I had something to say. I would say it and
Crystal Gatwood: I'm gonna say an adult way because me. He's very childish.
Richelle Direny: But I would like text it
Crystal Gatwood: To him or something you know I wouldn't say that stuff out. Wow. No.
But
Crystal Gatwood: I mean making ends. Me, I'm doing. I mean, I'm doing what I gotta do my dad and like I said he's been more helpful since Justin's out of the picture.
Crystal Gatwood: So, I mean, we're doing okay we have what we need.
Richelle Direny: He lives close by.
Yes.
Richelle Direny: Okay, I'm just, I mean, listen, if everything is. It's called moving in the right direction as far as where your son is concerned, and then just continue on that path.
Crystal Gatwood: As well whether or not like he hasn't asked about him.
Crystal Gatwood: In a few days and I'm where
I have the option.
Richelle Direny: You said you have the option to do
Crystal Gatwood: I have the option to do like a
Crystal Gatwood: Video vacation with him over the phone.
Crystal Gatwood: That would help.
Crystal Gatwood: My son or
Richelle Direny: Whether it was
Crystal Gatwood: A question questions or
Crystal Gatwood: At least get to see him a little bit but
Crystal Gatwood: I don't know what to do. There
Crystal Gatwood: I haven't said he hasn't asked in a few days. So I haven't really pushed it
Crystal Gatwood: But I figured since I have you on the phone. You know, I would ask what your opinion with me.
Richelle Direny: So, don't, don't. I wouldn't
Richelle Direny: You don't necessarily want to clear something. And if he asked if he says straight like no, I would like to talk to my dad. Now I'm assuming
Richelle Direny: You could always just whether you call him. You put them on FaceTime, whatever it is, and speak because you don't regardless of having the temporary
Right and
Crystal Gatwood: I told the judge, you know. Only thing I want is for him not to be able to get out and come back to my home.
Crystal Gatwood: That's in the sun from him. I'm not getting it. I don't want it to be where I can't call him and talk about our song. I don't want that. You know, it's just fact that I didn't want him to be able to come back here and that's it.
Richelle Direny: And and so however you
Richelle Direny: You are back in the
Richelle Direny: court documents that you it's
Richelle Direny: Like back in the home because of a movie he still has a responsibility that had something
Richelle Direny: To put
Richelle Direny: In place that has been so the judge is not going to
Richelle Direny: Not that I'm aware of. That is not the stuff of course and from their child, it would just be that
Richelle Direny: You would have to find a world to
Richelle Direny: Just make like arrangement, whether it's supervised where you say, Okay, you know, you can move the parkland community here and you want to send them all.
Richelle Direny: If you see like, you know, for the thing or a situation, then
Richelle Direny: That's just kind of how we were doing it means that you have to say, okay, well, if you have a family member, because you will allow them to go and stay a day or two with it.
Crystal Gatwood: Um,
Richelle Direny: How would you allow him to
Crystal Gatwood: I, that's what I told him that, you know, if you wanted to see him or whatever. I wasn't willing from you I can meet you at seven. So please, you know, and we can exchange in there.
Richelle Direny: And that's all you have to to do this a lot.
Richelle Direny: About this is that call them, whether you do it on faith primarily do it. Use your card video chat record and you know that happens to him and you know if it means that, okay, well, he wants to see
Richelle Direny: If they can just bring home to or bring someone with you to say, Okay, I'm gonna keep going to get him that he's gonna go with that to beat this.
Richelle Direny: Team that we drop them off. If you just feel based on what you know about him that we're respond to certain way you feel at the time you're on Facebook or if it's just you alone, given that you have the training is a very restrained one right
Crystal Gatwood: Yeah.
Crystal Gatwood: Yeah up protection order restraining order. I don't know.
Like
Richelle Direny: Yeah, we'll just have to talk to them and just kind of make your own because at the end of the day, we still have to code.
Richelle Direny: Right. You're the things that are no longer in relationship.
Crystal Gatwood: If he makes the if he makes the attempt
Crystal Gatwood: I know last time we were apart and you didn't really, it didn't really seem that often, you know, and it killed me to see my son hurt.
Crystal Gatwood: So last time i thought i thought him a lot. Like, you know, you're going to see your son today. I don't care cancel your plans because you're seeing your son, you know and and I hated make him have to do that. I'm not doing it this time.
Richelle Direny: So your, your focus on for you for the personnel.
Richelle Direny: parenting style being there for your son and providing. So that's kind of the number one priority.
Richelle Direny: over analyzing and in terms of whether or not he wants to be there. And I know that you would love to be involved.
Right.
Richelle Direny: But if that to my
Richelle Direny: Liking so I can't, you can't force them to be there too bad, and he can't force you to be there to be a mom. Is it your responsibility is it your, your obligation.
Richelle Direny: But then they're not going to force anybody to you.
Richelle Direny: Know what
Crystal Gatwood: It.
Crystal Gatwood: Just sucks.
Richelle Direny: Up here. That's one thing.
Crystal Gatwood: I do, just because of last time, the
Richelle Direny: Last one.
Crystal Gatwood: You know that I had to fight for Memphis to see him and
Crystal Gatwood: This time, and I and I told him, you know, I'm not going to do that again. But it just sucks because I hear
Crystal Gatwood: If he doesn't, step up,
Crystal Gatwood: I can't fill in for him. You know, I can't
Crystal Gatwood: Just
Richelle Direny: You're worried about the impact
Richelle Direny: And you're worried about how you're going to answer those questions, those difficult questions that
Crystal Gatwood: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Do you foresee
Richelle Direny: Him not playing the role of the Father.
Crystal Gatwood: Yeah.
Crystal Gatwood: You just sucks because I know our hurts.
Crystal Gatwood: You know,
Richelle Direny: You have, you know, how it hurts you know how
Crystal Gatwood: Yeah, like I went through that shit. When I was a kid.
Richelle Direny: Where, where your dad wasn't there when you
Crystal Gatwood: Yeah, but it was actually my mom, you know, that was being a bit childish and
Crystal Gatwood: My dad was trying Zs but
Crystal Gatwood: She was just being resentful.
Richelle Direny: So you will because of the cool. What kind of the emotional roller coaster you one full month of to be there.
Richelle Direny: You
Richelle Direny: Don't want to go through it.
Right.
Richelle Direny: Do you see yourself possibly getting back into the relationship for the sake of being there.
Crystal Gatwood: I'm sorry.
Richelle Direny: Considering going back
Crystal Gatwood: No, I can't do it. I don't believe that he's going to change. I mean,
Crystal Gatwood: I'm gave him a chance after chance after chain.
Crystal Gatwood: Too many
Richelle Direny: Words.
Richelle Direny: For you, so
Richelle Direny: I mean, I
Crystal Gatwood: asked him if I wanted to know, you know, like him. If I was working or whatever, you know, he assumed that he was going to be watching Memphis while I work you know that I was a given
Crystal Gatwood: But
Crystal Gatwood: If I wanted him to give him a bath. So I could do this, I would have to ask him to do that he wouldn't just do it, but he was there like emotionally. You know, like
Crystal Gatwood: He would pick him up from school, sometimes and
Crystal Gatwood: Play with things sometimes he was just there for him when we're together. But if we're not together. He's not there.
Crystal Gatwood: And that's another reason why I stayed so long.
Crystal Gatwood: Yeah, the arguing got to the point where, you know, it wasn't healthy for you.
Crystal Gatwood: I just thought maybe it'd be better for our part.
Richelle Direny: So,
Richelle Direny: You're still going to the emotional this Court and upset from the unresolved thing that you had as a child or nothing. You can talk about that. The last time.
Richelle Direny: Your mind not being there in your mom still be involved now as an adult, you're still going through that.
Richelle Direny: So you're taking those same emotion and feeling exactly how you feel and put them on your son imagining that he is going to walk the same example that you're going to walk. Is he going to feel his father is absent. It sounded like he was somewhat accent even living in the house.
Richelle Direny: We were kind of already going through that right you are allowed to
Richelle Direny: you lower your standards. Yes, yes. So, and you put up a lot of stuff that
Richelle Direny: Could be there for that se
Richelle Direny: It now.
Richelle Direny: Do you feel that your father did the best he could for you, girl.
Richelle Direny: Yes, in the absence of them on.
Crystal Gatwood: The absence those because when I was just be insightful.
Richelle Direny: I know what I'm asking. Doing your father did the best he can raising you despite your mom just wanting to spy for whatever reason, there
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Would you grow when you think about the relationship you have with your dad and how much
Richelle Direny: They buy you to live a lot
Richelle Direny: Do you appreciate him for what he did so.
Richelle Direny: You know,
Richelle Direny: What what i'm pleased about it out of this book. Now that your son will possibly be walking. Now the phone. What can we do working say that you've learned from there, that that you can do for yourself.
Crystal Gatwood: I mean,
Crystal Gatwood: I don't honestly I don't really know. I don't
Crystal Gatwood: I feel kind of how my dad feels, in a way, but I
Richelle Direny: Don't remember.
Richelle Direny: What it was
Crystal Gatwood: I'm sorry.
Richelle Direny: So what, how did that come to you.
Crystal Gatwood: Like he
Crystal Gatwood: Was like, yeah, it took me a long time to realize this. You know what I mean, like, as I got older, you know, I realized there was my mom actually
Crystal Gatwood: Put my dad out there like a piece of shit and you know he didn't want us and all this. But it wasn't
Richelle Direny: Real you realize that he wanted to be.
Richelle Direny: You are read by your data.
Crystal Gatwood: We live with my mom.
Crystal Gatwood: That she worked all the time. And if she wasn't working. She was at the bar that we was raised by, I would say probably my grandma.
Richelle Direny: This is
Richelle Direny: Regardless of even though sometimes that my heart and it might hurt me because of your own frustration with
Richelle Direny: What you can do is
Richelle Direny: Not medical
Richelle Direny: About who
Crystal Gatwood: I don't I don't ever speak like that.
Richelle Direny: Even though you could say a whole lot of things have you can describe them a whole lot of assets and birds and everything.
Richelle Direny: But that's not for your
Richelle Direny: Time.
Richelle Direny: Or you can do is just do the best you can. And the last thing they can't, you can't change that you can't make this that do
Richelle Direny: That all you can do is just a login and just provide for him and do what's right, buying. That's all you
Richelle Direny: Because what hurts.
Richelle Direny: The most is that
Richelle Direny: One you thought that the life you would have created for your children would have been different from the life growing up in
Richelle Direny: San Antonio. This is just a reminder of the life you had that, you know, so it kind of feelings of
Richelle Direny: Where you question yourself as a mom to question yourself as a person. Good question. Whole lot of things.
Richelle Direny: But everybody has their own person, because everybody wanted to. You can you can only work on that person.
Crystal Gatwood: Right. I try not to stress about the things that are out of my control.
Crystal Gatwood: It just sucks.
Richelle Direny: Done.
Richelle Direny: But
Richelle Direny: At least
Crystal Gatwood: At least he has me
Richelle Direny: Remind yourself that
Richelle Direny: We have you
Richelle Direny: And
Richelle Direny: We love
Richelle Direny: You care for him, would you go to the ends of the earth thing.
Absolutely.
Richelle Direny: To focus on the phone because the keyword and send
Richelle Direny: It out of your control.
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: And that's a little, little completely out completely out of your control. What does it out of your control.
Richelle Direny: It doesn't mean that when it doesn't mean that when you're when he does that, is that negativity of
Richelle Direny: Fun. There's not much that you can do about that. Just as long as you're meditating or home and just do the best you can.
Richelle Direny: It is completely out of your control.
Richelle Direny: We all can
Richelle Direny: Imagine what our lives are going to be and how different philosophy.
Richelle Direny: When we get older. And we realized it starts to go down the same path.
Richelle Direny: That how you grew up, but again,
Richelle Direny: Frequent a little bit and just saying, Okay, this is my reality.
Richelle Direny: This is where it is. I thought that relationship with my son father would have worked and it would have been different from my own life growing up, but it isn't.
Richelle Direny: So how can I be the best mom to my son.
Richelle Direny: How can I do what I need to do. Does it hurt.
Richelle Direny: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Like how does
Richelle Direny: It.
Richelle Direny: Make it doesn't matter. Of course it does.
Richelle Direny: All true
Richelle Direny: But you know what, what is
Richelle Direny: Important
Richelle Direny: Again,
Richelle Direny: It's not good to overcompensate over the last
Richelle Direny: Crash, you can do what you can do, but over compensating for
Richelle Direny: You have no control what that will do will do a thing. But as long as
Richelle Direny: He knows that money on who among all
Richelle Direny: The all important.
Richelle Direny: Is because you can't change or stop how people feel about this, that, or the along in that
Richelle Direny: There's you can't stop or change at all you can do is just be there to be a support if he wants to talk. Let's talk if he wants to cry, just sit there and it's okay for him.
Richelle Direny: If he wants to express emotions and
Richelle Direny: If he cries a requirement. That's fun.
Richelle Direny: And what's important, as long as you're looking
Richelle Direny: Yeah, they want to know that you're going to do them.
Richelle Direny: Because just like how to use it and realize how much of a blue part, the argument in the fight with having such an impact on home. Now that is no longer in the picture you now realize, wow, this clearly with having a big impact on
Crystal Gatwood: I mean, I know it was, but I just don't know how what, to what extent
Crystal Gatwood: But it's kind of funny.
Crystal Gatwood: That when he left he's beginning nothing but stars on his behavior chart. I mean,
Crystal Gatwood: That's just
Crystal Gatwood: It's always
Richelle Direny: So you make one great decision.
Crystal Gatwood: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: We come out.
Richelle Direny: Of that wasn't
Crystal Gatwood: Right. And, like, another thing too is like now I'm happy. So, and when I'm happy and he sees that I happy, he's happy like it just
Crystal Gatwood: I know it's weird, but
Richelle Direny: It's
Richelle Direny: Not that
Richelle Direny: Difficult combination of people. It hurts to do some cold, flu.
Richelle Direny: Or medical through the not having to pull together like you did.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, but the difference in your you strive to be a different mom, then the relationship you have with yours or your mom wants to
Richelle Direny: Yeah, and that's the part that hurts me
Crystal Gatwood: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: It's because you're having a flashback of what it was like growing up in a single parent household
Crystal Gatwood: Yeah, and a lot. Like I said, all my shoe on you there. So there's a lot of times I didn't have either parents
Crystal Gatwood: So I feel like you know me.
Richelle Direny: It didn't hurt.
Richelle Direny: That hurt. I'm learning more thing here and tell you. And sometimes when you see other when you i'm sure when you were growing up in these are your friends are they had their mom or their
Richelle Direny: Dad, and who and who wish you had that and be there for that.
Richelle Direny: And he may go through that or do let's do that for them. But guess what, as long as you want to do it. You can't change.
Richelle Direny: Your situation.
Richelle Direny: But when you can
Richelle Direny: Do something about your situation.
And I do
Richelle Direny: And that's it. And you started off by removing them from toxic situation that you remove them from a toxic situation.
Richelle Direny: And now that you are happy, happy to keep eventually we'll see how happy.
Richelle Direny: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: But
Richelle Direny: Yeah, so just
Richelle Direny: Just
Richelle Direny: Just, just
Crystal Gatwood: Yeah.
Crystal Gatwood: I guess I never haven't put it in that aspect. Yet,
Richelle Direny: Just been going
Richelle Direny: So well
Crystal Gatwood: I've just been going with flow things. Let's have been a lot better though.
Crystal Gatwood: Is despite the first time I went back and looked at the situation and how it changed. You know what I mean.
Richelle Direny: Toxic situation.
Richelle Direny: We're getting
Richelle Direny: emotional and mental not good for your five year old child that has a voice to behave and conduct yourself in a way that is unbecoming of house the tree.
Richelle Direny: That is because you don't want the cup how big, how a child to show you how to code school in treating other kids.
Crystal Gatwood: Always tell Memphis like you know you're a gentleman I raised him as a gentleman like he opens doors for elderly people. He opens doors for any woman he opens. He comes around in my car door and opens my card or like he that's how I'm
Crystal Gatwood: Raising money.
Richelle Direny: And that's why we stay focused and now you have a clear path to continue doing that was out of pocket. So we're moving from the coffee situation you were in, we were
Richelle Direny: Probably inclusive inviting a little bit more depressed very overwhelmed. So all these things that's going on. You will move to from that and move into from that.
Richelle Direny: You, ultimately, you said, Okay, I'm gonna do, I'm gonna keep on in this relationship. So you can be there for his son, but then you notice that the behaviors were getting worse.
Richelle Direny: And it wasn't Griffin, this one. So now we will move him you're noticing all the babies are better. Oh, he's asking a little bit different. Oh, now
Richelle Direny: So if you're looking at it from that. It's kind of like what we talked about in group. So you weren't in group or head went a little bit deeper in. It was also about, you know, boom, grateful. So sometimes in
Richelle Direny: The bad situation in
Richelle Direny: Those situations that are overwhelming. It's hard to see what we can be grateful for and it can be grateful for in this situation in the positive impact that it's having on every sport. You can see for right now.
Richelle Direny: How it will force of the world and a positive behavioral change for yourself.
Richelle Direny: And
Richelle Direny: You can say focus on right now.
Richelle Direny: And just continue just rewarding.
Richelle Direny: And neither he comes down to, you know, later on. He said, If my daddy and to increase throwing things out there. Remember, a lot of times, kids were facing
Richelle Direny: Just to get you upset because they know how
Richelle Direny: To that means that he really truly moving right. No, it just move that you're kind of pulling that you're saying that just because you won't get away with something and I'm not going to allow you to get a little
Richelle Direny: Comfortable.
Richelle Direny: And so you kind of have to find a way to grant mercy forgiveness understand where you're coming from. But at the same time still address what unacceptable behavior is
Richelle Direny: Because what is important. The difference between you and him is that you strive to be there for him at all times, no matter what situation or circumstance.
Richelle Direny: You can't control.
Richelle Direny: You can't make that change. You can't make that two things to do.
Right.
Richelle Direny: And having a physical body in our house that you still have the problem, do this, do ABC and D for your child. It's so overwhelming within itself.
Richelle Direny: Isn't it, we think you cry now that out of the house you longer than we thought. The key.
Crystal Gatwood: Yeah.
Crystal Gatwood: And I'll and I'll you know I that's just
Crystal Gatwood: How I am with all my relationship, you know, if all I'll leave that door open. But that's as far as I go. You know, like
Crystal Gatwood: You got to make some effort to like you got to come through that door and let me know that you're willing to have a relationship, you know,
Crystal Gatwood: So I've always been. I don't know why, but that's how I feel.
Crystal Gatwood: Just like with my mom, you know, I tried to make RELATIONSHIP WITH HER, SHE GAVE ME. EXCUSE after excuse. That's fine. I'll leave that door open when you want to walk through. I'm here.
Crystal Gatwood: Yeah, I've definitely learned to not stress, the things that I cannot control because it's not worth it.
Crystal Gatwood: It's not
Richelle Direny: The things we can the things we would like to control
Richelle Direny: That we cannot control all day long. Yeah.
Crystal Gatwood: In the
Crystal Gatwood: Long run, you know, it's just, it doesn't
Crystal Gatwood: Make it
Crystal Gatwood: You know, my son is older.
Crystal Gatwood: Will realize that
Crystal Gatwood: My mom was there, you know, she did the best she could just like I did.
Richelle Direny: It's all about how you contribute to that.
Richelle Direny: The important
Richelle Direny: Thing is
Richelle Direny: Because even though your mom was grew up with them but like I said at the end of it is at some point in time. Do you realize that. Hold on.
Richelle Direny: There's something yesterday about
Richelle Direny: My mom is not really there for me.
Richelle Direny: You started realizing what were the truth really eventually the truth will come out. The question is, are you ready
Crystal Gatwood: I am
Richelle Direny: Ready to hear the truth.
Richelle Direny: See it and homeless are
Crystal Gatwood: Really, but
Crystal Gatwood: I don't think anybody is really
Richelle Direny: But if
Richelle Direny: You want to
Richelle Direny: Come
Richelle Direny: No matter what you try to hide it will come. But all that's important, if not watching home. It's watching
Richelle Direny: Your
Crystal Gatwood: WHEN HE ASKED YOU THINK I SHOULD WAIT UNTIL MY SON asked know to talk to those that are to seems that and then make a visitation with him or
Crystal Gatwood: Ethan
Richelle Direny: What do you feel comfortable
Crystal Gatwood: Well, I know he's asked about it before, but he'll ask me about it and then run off and play be fine. You know, so like I don't know what to do.
Richelle Direny: If it's
Crystal Gatwood: Okay, with my answer.
Crystal Gatwood: Your daddy says he's taking care of some things that he needed to take care of. And he's okay with that right now. And he'll go off his life.
Richelle Direny: And just leave it for what it is, I would say at this point, leaving for what it is.
Richelle Direny: If his bad. But again, that's what I would say waiting for what it is, but if his dad wants to see who wants to spend some time with him then.
Crystal Gatwood: He hasn't tried to call me nothing.
Richelle Direny: And
Crystal Gatwood: contacted me
Richelle Direny: I will enforce it.
Richelle Direny: And I wouldn't force it upon him to try to because then you're hurting yourself.
Crystal Gatwood: Right and
Richelle Direny: Then eat. Yeah because then you're forcing him to be there for his son and he doesn't really want to be there for so so that's one thing.
Richelle Direny: And
Richelle Direny: Then the other thing is you don't want to force your son.
Richelle Direny: To
Crystal Gatwood: Visitation I feel like he would be
Crystal Gatwood: You know, he would feel kind of awkward.
Richelle Direny: You know, people want to feel rejected because, of course, let it happen naturally. Let it happen naturally.
Richelle Direny: Money, I want to talk about
Richelle Direny: Taxes Texans the hands of someone
Richelle Direny: Says no I can't see him or whatever that is.
Richelle Direny: Right now.
Richelle Direny: You're going to convert more people line and I'm going to
Richelle Direny: Talk to you right now simply
Richelle Direny: Whatever excuse me tell you that is
Crystal Gatwood: OK.
Richelle Direny: But you don't you don't want to force the issue on their part, especially because to down. They're impressionable. And if you force it. And then he doesn't
Richelle Direny: You force it and then you go and then the disappointment that you feel rejected by the bat then somewhat going to do or you feel like you're at fault center because we force the issue.
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Yeah let everything happen natural dollar don't
Richelle Direny: don't foresee don't
Richelle Direny: Let me know if this time better for you to me.
Crystal Gatwood: Yeah, this time is fine.
Richelle Direny: Okay, because he's in school right now. Right.
Crystal Gatwood: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Okay. Today's Tuesday.
Crystal Gatwood: It would be next Tuesday. The third
Richelle Direny: I'm trying to see
Richelle Direny: Let's do next. The third at
Richelle Direny: The same time
Here.
Richelle Direny: Yes.
Yeah, okay.
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Richelle Direny: So I just recommend moving forward is just staying, you know, in tune on just being there for him.
Richelle Direny: And just understanding what it means to work within the things you have control.
And
Richelle Direny: If the emotions become overwhelming in one cry. I always say, God made to the Christ, use them.
Richelle Direny: You know, it's just, it's okay, it's okay to cry. It sucks. It really does. But, and it's nothing wrong with saying, hey, this sucks, but I have no control over.
Richelle Direny: This feeling was. It was, it's not going to linger on forever and forever.
Crystal Gatwood: Yeah.
Crystal Gatwood: All right. Well, thank you for everything.
Crystal Gatwood: I'm sorry I cry every time.
Richelle Direny: I think
Richelle Direny: It's just crossed
Richelle Direny: To the set because I think that's the other piece outside of how is the impact that we have on your son. I think it's also looking at
Richelle Direny: What does it feel for you to lose this room.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so we'll process back next time.
Richelle Direny: Okay, okay.
Crystal Gatwood: Are you saying